Feat (Insomnia) Update Enterprise SSO and SCIM provisioning (#4169)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/insomnia/scim.md

- Okta
- Azure

> When you enable SCIM in Insomnia, use your IdP to manage SCIM-managed users and teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you enable SCIM in Insomnia, use your IdP to update SCIM-managed users and teams.
```
just trying to avoid the "managed" repetition

## User and team provisioning
SCIM provisioning in Insomnia follows predictable, non-destructive rules:
- Users and teams that you assigned to the Insomnia application in your IdP are provisioned by Insomnia.
- Insomnia matches existing Insomnia users to IdP users by email address.
- If a user exists in Insomnia but not in the IdP, Insomnia doesn't remove or disable that user automatically.

SCIM provisioning lets you manage access to Insomnia through your IdP, in the same way that you manage access to other enterprise applications.

{:.info}
> SCIM applies only to users and groups provisioned through your identity provider. Users who were added manually before SCIM was enabled remain unchanged and continue to consume licenses until you update or remove them manually. Insomnia does not automatically reconcile or modify manually added users when you enable SCIM. This behavior prevents unintended changes to existing accounts.

### User lifecycle behavior

When you assign a user to the Insomnia application in your IdP, the IdP provisions that user in Insomnia through SCIM.

- If the user doesn't exist in Insomnia, then Insomnia creates the user.

> - If the user already exists in Insomnia, then Insomnia matches the user by email address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If the user doesn't exist in Insomnia, Insomnia creates the user.
- If the user already exists in Insomnia, Insomnia matches the user by email address.
```
